♪
(indistinct chatter)
Catch!
♪
(woman)
Her again!
What's up with there being
a card in this bouquet?
Either Brook stuck it
here on purpose
or her deck is missing
the spell Devoted Love.
Says here that
it ends a battle,
but zeroes out
your life points.
Why would anyone ever want to
give this card to someone?
I mean, it's useless.
(Brook)
Don't be so sure, Anna.
Huh, what do
you mean, Brook?
Right now you think
that spell is worthless,
but I promise you,
one day you'll see
that it's
incredibly valuable.
♪
(indistinct chatter)
(man)
There's been a Chelsea
Sparkles sighting!
(woman)
Wanna get a cyber smoothie?
Sure.
(both)
Why, hello there!
And welcome one and all
to the Monster Cafe!
(Tori) You'll find our menu
both ferocious and delicious.
Just draw the item
you'd like to order.
I'll take...
this one!
An excellent choice.
One Mushroom Man Burger...
What's up, Tori?
I heard your school's
having a fun fair
so I thought
I'd crash the party!
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final
night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
Anna, what were
you thinking?
Yeah, this isn't
a drive-thru restaurant!
Hey, Yuma!
Wait.
When did you become
a circus clown?
I'm Temtempo the
Percussion Djinn.
What made you
pick that getup?
When I got to
the costume shop
this is all
they had left.
Personally, I think
Yuma's costume
is extremely rockin'.
He looks absolutely
purr-fect.
Make way for Ray!
Yuma, I've got
big news!
What's a
"Couples Duel?"
In this tournament,
teams, each made up
of a guy and a girl
will battle it out
and whoever's left
standing at the end
gets to take on
two pro duelists!
Brook and Mayday Walker are
a husband and wife team
who have won a ton of
tournaments together.
If you wanna
test your skills,
this is a
golden opportunity.
A chance to duel
against two pros!
Count me in!
Cool, but just remember that
it's a Couples Duel tournament,
which means you can't
enter without a partner.
You should sign up, though,
'cause I heard Brook Walker
is planning to retire
soon, and this may be
your last chance
to duel her!
What did you say?
Brook would never
quit dueling!
Hey, don't hurt
the messenger!
Take that back!
Okay... But it won't
change the truth.
(Anna) I don't understand.
Brook loves dueling.
Why would she
give it up?
Yuma, I want to
be your partner
for the Couples Duel!
You? My partner?
You can't enter
the duel, Anna.
I'm afraid you simply
aren't eligible
to be Yuma's
dueling partner.
Huh, why is that?
Because, you have to
be currently enrolled
as a student in this
school to participate.
A... student?
Greetings,
oh brave prince!
Long have I yearned for
the hour of your arrival!
The anguish of
our last parting
has lain heavily upon
my mournful heart!
Oh, dear Princess!
This play feels
like a dream,
a really bad one.
(Bronk)
Chill out, Shark!
I think Rio's
a natural!
(Shark)
Huh? Who're you
supposed to be?
I'm Gogogo Golem.
What do you think?
I think
your costume...
is even worse
than Rio's play!
(Rio)
Quiet back there!
Don't spoil our big romantic
scene, or it's curtains!
♪
This arrangement is
a little formal, Caswell.
You think?
On the other hand...
it is also quite
sophisticated.
Just like you.
I think it's adorable.
Really, you do?
(indistinct chatter)
(man)
Scarlett's my favorite!
(woman)
Really, ever.
♪
I can't believe it!
I got a ticket to
Scarlett's concert!
My customers get
fake concert tickets
and I get all
their rarest cards.
This deal is a steal!
Your booth is
extremely popular, Flip.
(Flip) It's the president
of the student council!
I hear you have an
interesting business model.
Yikes, busted!
♪
(Yuma) If we're gonna
have a secret meeting,
does it have
to be here?
It's not your
place to question
your superior officer, Yuma.
Remember, when
we're on duty,
I call all the shots.
You're just
a lowly deputy.
-I'm very sorry, sir!
-That's better.
Now, I want you to keep a close
watch on the school's Fun Fair.
It's precisely the kind
of event the Barians
would look to infiltrate.
Do you really think so?
We can't be too careful.
Patrol the fair
and investigate
any suspicious activity.
Heard and understood, sir!
If I spot any Barians,
I'll ask 'em to duel me...
Uh, I mean, I'll bring
them to justice
using the card issued
to me by you, sir!
That's exactly what
I wanted to hear, deputy.
♪
(Anna)
Tori's uniform will
work perfectly.
This tournament is too
important to just sit around.
I gotta find out why Brook's
giving up the game she loves.
And this is the best way
to get the answers I need.
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath-- ♪
Rock on, Shark!
♪ Take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪♪
♪
(Yuma)
These caramel coated
noodles are outstanding!
♪
Oh, yeah!
Time for dessert,
I'd love a syrup sundae.
Any stands around?
Hey, Yuma,
don't you have
more important things
to do right now
than to keep eating?
Yeah, now that
you mention it,
I'd love to drink
a milkshake!
Yuma...
What, Astral?
I have noticed you have
a capacity to ingest
far more food and drink
than the average human.
Yeah,
I guess I...
I guess I'm hungrier
than most people.
Or perhaps your stomach
simply enjoys the exercise.
Yeah, that could be it too.
(Anna)
Hey, Yuma!
(Yuma)
Anna!
What's with the getup?
I just enrolled
as a student here.
And now that I'm officially
part of the school,
I can enter the
Couples Duel with you.
You and me?
Don't disappoint me,
Yuma... or else!
Put down
the blaster, Anna!
Okay, we're a team!
I haven't dueled
against students
since I was in school,
and that was
a long time ago!
♪
Who shut off the lights?
(voice)
I have seen you
and your husband
duel together.
You make an impressive team.
Who are you?
You will become my
instrument of destruction!
I will harness your powers
to strike down my foes!
♪
Hey we better move it, Brook,
or we'll be late for our duel.
Are you okay?
Are you still up
for dueling today?
Yes dear,
I'll be fine.
Now let's get going.
"Borrowed your uniform, Tori.
Will return soon,
Anna."
Why would Anna
take my uniform?
Unless she's planning to pose
as a student here at the school.
So she can enter the Couples
Duel tournament with Yuma!
(both)
Anna won't get
away with this!
♪
(announcer)
What a tournament!
What a team!
Brook and Mayday won
every single duel today!
And now it's time
to wrap things up...
(Anna)
Not so fast!
This isn't over!
There's still one
more challenger...
and that's me!
Anna! What are
you doing here?
Hold on...
wait a sec.
You know her?
Hey, isn't she the friend
who came to our wedding?
That's right,
her name's Anna Kaboom.
She used to be a
dueling pupil of mine.
(announcer)
What a shocker!
The winner of the
World Duel Carnival,
our school's own
Yuma Tsukumo,
is making a surprise challenge
with a mystery partner!
I'm so happy
for you, Anna!
Really, I had no idea
that you were dating
a world champion duelist!
Wait, are you
talkin' about me?
How long have you
known each other?
Look, we're not...
Hey, that's not
important right now!
Is it true?
I heard you were going to give
up dueling forever, Brook!
When you were
training me,
you told me how
important it was
to be committed
to dueling!
But you didn't really
mean it, did you?
Anna, I can explain!
I don't wanna
hear excuses!
Listen, Brook.
You made a promise once.
You told me that if I
ever beat you in a duel,
you'd do anything I asked,
no matter what it was!
Well, I'm gonna hold you
to it, so when I beat you,
you can't quit dueling!
But, Anna...
I see that it's
pointless to try
and reason with
you right now.
All right, then.
I will accept
your challenge!
I sense there is a
great deal of tension
between Anna and
her former teacher.
That's exactly why they
have to duel each other!
When there's a problem,
dueling's the
best possible way
to hash things out!
That's true,
I can already tell
this isn't going to
be an ordinary duel.
You ready?
I'm always ready!
♪
You set, Anna?
For sure!
♪
So am I!
Let's get started then!
Yeah!
♪
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
(all) Now let's duel!
I'll get things started!
Here goes!
♪
They teamed up!
I can't even look!
(Astral)
This duel presents
a fascinating challenge.
A team must defeat both
opposing duelists to prevail,
so teamwork is essential.
Yuma and Anna must stay in
sync with each other to win.
I'm activating the field
spell Iceberg Ocean!
♪
Now all face-up monsters
in defense mode
will have zero
defense points.
I picked this field
for you, Brook,
since I know it's one
of your favorites.
Next I'll up
the altitude,
with the spell
Balloon Party!
This card gives
my team a lift
by summoning
two Balloon Tokens!
♪
And then I'll
tribute both tokens
so I can summon my
Level 10 Indestructible
Airship Hindenkraft!
♪
It's incredible!
Oh brother,
stay focused, will ya?
♪
According to the rules
of this Couples Duel,
none of us is allowed to
attack on our first turn.
So I'll place one card facedown
and let Yuma take over.
Cool!
Okay... I draw!
And I'll summon
Gogogo Golem!
♪
Yuma, I highly
recommend you focus
on strengthening
your defenses this turn.
I will.
I'm placing two
cards facedown
and ending my turn.
Here I go!
I draw!
I'll dive right in
by activating
the spell Raft Party!
♪
This card summons
two Raft Tokens!
But they won't
hang around for long,
because I'm
tributing them
to summon something
way more massive!
Here comes
Unsinkable Titanica!
♪
Their monsters
totally rock!
Whose side are you on?
♪
I activate my Hindenkraft's
special ability!
Since my lovely wife
summoned Titanica,
your Gogogo Golem
switches to defense mode.
♪
Also, due to Iceberg
Ocean's effect,
your Gogogo Golem's defense
points shrink to zero!
♪
Gogogo Golem!
I activate my Titanica's
special ability!
It destroys a monster that
has zero defense points...
and then hits you
with damage equal
to half of that
monster's attack points!
♪
Why did I pick
you as a partner?
You're dueling
like a total wimp.
Oh yeah?
Why don't you find someone
else to duel with then!
Your opponents are working
in perfect harmony.
I'll use a trap card to
get my game back on!
Whenever a special ability
destroys my monster,
Puzzle Reborn summons that
monster back in attack mode!
Welcome back,
Gogogo Golem!
♪
Impressive.
I'll put one card
facedown and end my turn.
Anna's up!
It's about time!
I've been itching to
get in on the action!
I'll get my first turn
rolling by summoning
Night Express Knight!
I can summon it
without tributing
by lowering its
attack points to zero.
♪
But I'm not done!
I'm activating the spell
card Southern Stars!
It raises the Level of one
monster all the way up to ten!
That's gonna be you,
Gogogo Golem!
♪
Yes, I can't wait to take
advantage of that maneuver!
I do not think so...
I overlay my Level
ten Express Knight
and Yuma's Gogogo Golem!
Go for it, guys!
♪
I build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon!
♪
Make way for
the monster train
that's gonna derail
your chances of winning!
Chug on in, Superdreadnought
Rail Cannon Gustav Max!
♪
Hey, if you wanna
use my monster,
you should ask me first!
According to the rules,
if I want to Xyz Summon,
I can use your monster
even if you don't like it!
Wait...
Please.
Quit whining
and let me duel.
I activate Gustav's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
my train blasts my opponent
with 2,000 points of damage!
♪
I'm going after Brook!
Now let it rip!
Ready, aim, fire!
♪
Don't think so!
I activate
Engagement Destiny!
This spell card lets me
absorb half the damage!
♪
No way!
Brook!
Got you!
♪
We can face
any difficulty
as long as we both
go through it together!
It's true!
By sharing both our
joys and our hardships,
our love makes us stronger!
Ugh.
Ugh, how ridiculous!
I'll put one card facedown
and end my turn.
It's my turn again!
So here... I go!
Brook, darling,
let's show them
why we make a perfect
dueling couple.
Yes, dear!
Go for it!
I overlay my Level
ten Hindenkraft
and Brook's Level
ten Titanica!
♪
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
Watch in wonder as
the master of the skies
and the queen
of the seas unite
to form an even more
massive mega monster!
♪
I Xyz Summon
Skypalace Gangaridai!
♪
(Mayday)
This monster's
going to sink
any chance
you two had
of winning this duel!
♪
I activate Skypalace
Gangaridai's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Skypalace Gangaridai destroys
one monster on your field
and slashes its owner's
life points in half!
Take out Gustav Max!
♪
Skypalace, fire
your Torid Torpedo!
♪
Anna!
That Skypalace
is a true threat!
♪
Next, I'm gonna
attack Yuma.
♪
Gangaridai, strike
Yuma directly!
I hope you like the
taste of defeat, kid!
♪